Generate plantUML code for a class diagram satisfying the following requirements:
This study aims to design new software that allows bank customers to apply for IPOs. (Initial Public Offering). Finishing this project will enable purchasing company shares via online banking applications. The study will include the IPO Application process on online banking systems such as mobile and web platforms. There will be two separate applications for the mobile platforms, which are Android and iOS. They should have the same function and features for the account creation process. The IPO application process should be named "Apply for IPO," and it should be under the menu "Investments." On the Investments menu, the "IPO Application" tab should be added to the end of the page. Only "retail" types of customers can apply for IPO. Retail customers should be eligible for applying IPO. If the user has unpaid credit card payments, a blocked account, or is marked as a "fraud user," the user should not be able to perform an IPO application. Customers who will make IPO Applications must share their name, surname, email address, and telephone number information with the related company. The user interface should include an information pop-up that says this information (name, surname, email address, telephone) will be shared and can be used by the company. When a user applies IPO, he is required to upload legal allowance documentation. Documentation could either be in the ".docx" or ".pdf" format. Any other formats are restricted. A validation error should be displayed if a user tries to upload another type of document. When the user completes the application process successfully, the bank should send two information emails, one for the customer and another for the company. If the user has more than five failed attempts, the bank should restrict the user from the application process. The user should not be able to attempt the 6th IPO application. If they would like to apply anyway, they should call the "call centre" and request IPO application access. Even though the user completed the process successfully, the purchase is still being determined. Related companies always have a right to reject users' applications. If a company rejects the user, our system should inform the customer. Email should be user-friendly and "In HTML" format for future compatibility. Email content should include below information: User's name, surname, email address, telephone number, applied company named, number of shares that have been purchased, and the amount of money that has been paid.
